City University London Developer Assessment
===========================================

https://github.com/CityUniversityLondon/developer-assessment

In this repository you will find a simple HTML page that shows galleries of images for four of City University London’s schools.

To help us assess your knowledge and skills, we would like you to add functionality to this page.

If you’re applying for the role of Junior Web Developer or Web Developer, please complete Tasks 1 and 2. If you’d like to be considered for the role of Web Services Developer, or just want to show us what you can do, please also attempt Task 3.

We’re interested in how you approach each task as much as the end result, so you’re welcome to submit even if you can’t get it working, or run out of time to complete the assessment.

If you have any questions, you can reach us at [webteam.jobs@city.ac.uk](mailto:webteam.jobs@city.ac.uk).

Stylesheets
-----------

You can work with either the CSS in the /css/ directory, or if you’re familiar with Sass the source is in the /sass/ directory. We don’t mind which you use.

The Sass source uses the [Compass](http://compass-style.org/) framework.

Task 1: CSS
-----------

The page is not responsive.

Add CSS to improve the appearance and usability of the page on mobile devices.

Task 2: JavaScript
------------------

The thumbnail images are direct links to the large version.

Add JavaScript so that clicking on the thumbnails displays the relevant image in a lightbox instead.

Task 3: PHP or JavaScript
-------------------------

(Optional; Required if you wish to be considered for the Web Services Developer role.)

The content is static.

There is a basic RESTful API available online, starting at http://54.225.213.167/developer-assessment/api/

Replace the static content with dynamic content generated by making calls to the API.

Deadline
--------

Please submit your solutions as a zipped folder to [webteam.jobs@city.ac.uk](mailto:webteam.jobs@city.ac.uk) by 9:00 am on Tuesday, 6th May.
